# Automatic Room Power Control
Nowadays without electricity we cannot imagine our daily life because electricity has become a necessity for all, without which day-to-day life chores &amp; daily activities become stand still. Due to the depletion of non-renewable resources, conservation of energy has become mandatory and by doing so we can reduce electricity bills as well. We know that energies like wind energy, solar energy and hydro energy are called renewable energy sources which are renewable in nature. Therefore, utilization of these resources for power supply is the best possible way of producing, conserving and renewing energy, which is advantageous as it is pollution free, affordable, and free from environmental impacts.
On the other hand, the energy resources like petroleum, coal, natural gas, uranium and propane are called non -renewable resources, because their supplies are limited. Many environmental effects and day-by-day depleting energy resources warn us to save energy by using automatic room controller and energy-efficient lighting systems. Nowadays the wastage of electricity has become a routine thing for us, and the problem has become frequent at homes, schools, and colleges and even in industries. Sometimes we notice fans and lights keep on working even in the absence of people. This often happens in homes, offices and public places due to utter negligence of the inmates.

However, there is a solution to control energy efficient lights at home by using automatic room light controller. This article provides information about such a solution of energy efficient lighting to conserve energy by optimizing home appliances such as lights, fans, etc.
